salman card with norway salmon cake
well we are in a total recipe and
british the basis of this recipe it's going
to be potatoes I grab my
potatoes we will cook them to
the water I'm already going to peel them whose age
is roughly 300 g potatoes
I have double the proportion of apples
of land in relation to salmon
now I've cut out but tape
earth I'm trying to make pieces to
about identical size so as to
have a very uniform cooking
direction the pan I dare not go
my cooking water
second element we have a splendid pavement
of norway salmon
so I check who has no art is there
I actually chose a pavement without
skin I am not in need of skin so
no this mode norway
we will find him amp had donned
entire power which allows a
multitude of recipes as fast as
tasty so here I am going to make a
cooking a little different from the pan
dufour to steam cooking
I'm going to enjoy cooking
potatoes my end to fat
broths I grab my steam basket
I'm going to install my salmon and I
covers meanwhile i'm going in
enjoy to prepare my others
trim
I will first attack by the onions
new so I cut both
extremities I remove the first skin and I
the have slim as thinly as possible
we will bring a little bit of pep with
lime zest
I catch mara pool but I collect
just the green part doing well
be careful of not caught two parts
white that would bring bitterness
here is parsley game of stripping
roughly I make a little package and
I 'm doing a last kid in montceau
world must be cooked I'm careful
on the other hand it is very very hot so there
I get it back
nancy comes off a little bit it's
not very serious because just now
we go the mines were so I can the
lay two sides so that they
cool cooking baking apples
earth yeah
see it's perfect in supers
all of my jelly potatoes
crushes roughly if there are
pieces it will be fine
No, I'm going to be able, I'll be able to
remy was my salmon so here I
chosen a norway salmon is a
farmed salmon
he enjoys a healthy diet
guaranteed without terrestrial animal flour I
can add the rest of my garniture
to know the onions the zest
lime
parsley I read added 1,9 3 spoons
salt and pepper flour
here is now I mix the whole
here I have to mix well then you
when you make this recipe you
let the container come back to
room temperature and you put it
filmed during a good thirty
minutes in the refrigerator so you can see
something to do well but I
I'm going to work it right away I'm
flour hands and I catch a little
of this preparation
I will make the little pucks
during that time I'm going to put in
a pan of olive oil
I put a good amount of oil
olive I start to heat I
can continue to achieve but palate
always a little flour the preparation
precisely the realization of his palates
it's typically a step that you
can ask your children to
achieve
they will explode then miss out
she's hot so here I drop them
good of course I prepared myself from
absorbent paper to eliminate
the excess fat I already started you
return the first well are very
fast here's for really just that
front are superbly golden safe when
of face so I put them on the paper
absorbing or cutting a maximum of
serious you can install them on my
presentation plate last small
shot of a single spoon and
mayonnaise and so here for the little ones
and the big ones
but it's in austria cake with salmon
Norway